Updating docs to reference NAS #3486 (#3602)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/cluster.rst

Plugins and High Availability
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

As of Mattermost 5.14, when you install or upgrade a plugin, it is propagated across the servers in the cluster automatically.

File storage is assumed to be shared between all the machines that are using services such as NAS or Amazon S3.

If ``"DriverName": "local"`` is used then the directory at ``"FileSettings":`` ``"Directory": "./data/"`` is expected to be a NAS location mapped as a local directory, otherwise high availability will not function correctly and may corrupt your file storage.

> Note a slight behaviour change in 5.15:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note a slight behavior change in 5.15:
```

Plugins and High Availability
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

As of Mattermost 5.14, when you install or upgrade a plugin, it is propagated across the servers in the cluster automatically.

File storage is assumed to be shared between all the machines that are using services such as NAS or Amazon S3.

> If ``"DriverName": "local"`` is used then the directory at ``"FileSettings":`` ``"Directory": "./data/"`` is expected to be a NAS location mapped as a local directory, otherwise high availability will not function correctly and may corrupt your file storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ``"DriverName": "local"`` is used then the directory at ``"FileSettings":`` ``"Directory": "./data/"`` is expected to be a NAS location mapped as a local directory. If this is not the case high availability will not function correctly and may corrupt your file storage.
```

Author: This looks good

Note a slight behaviour change in 5.15:

> When you re-install a plugin in 5.14, the previous **Enabled** or **Disabled** state is retained. As of 5.15, a reinstalled plugin's initial state is **Disabled**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you reinstall a plugin in 5.14, the previous **Enabled** or **Disabled** state is retained. As of 5.15, a reinstalled plugin's initial state is **Disabled**.
```
